# In The Wind Dark

iwdPrimaryLabel: 0xB9CDDAff
iwdSecondaryLabel: 0x9DA2ABff
iwdIconColor: 0x6B7FD7ff
iwdPrimaryBackground: 0x153B50ff
iwdSecondaryBackground: 0x1B4F6Bff
iwdTertiaryBackground: 0x123142ff
iwdIconBackground: 0xeee8d5af
iwdNavbarBackground: 0x153B500f
iwdNavbarTitleColor: 0xbdc3c7ff
iwdNavbarBarButtonColor: 0x3599dbff
iwdProgressTrack: 0x268bd2ff

# In The Wind Light

iwlPrimaryLabel: 0xF7F9F9ff
iwlSecondaryLabel: 0xB4B6B6ff
iwlIconColor: 0x3599dbff
iwlPrimaryBackground: 0x1768ACff
iwlSecondaryBackground: 0x1768ACff
iwlTertiaryBackground: 0x2C75B3ff
iwlIconBackground: 0xeee8d5af
iwlNavbarBackground: 0x1768AC0f
iwlNavbarTitleColor: 0xbdc3c7ff
iwlNavbarBarButtonColor: 0xCFE2DFff
iwlProgressTrack: 0x268bd2ff
