# Night Light Dark

nldPrimaryLabel: 0xedf1f2ff
nldSecondaryLabel: 0x95a5a6ff
nldIconColor: 0x3599dbff
nldPrimaryBackground: 0x2b2b2bff
nldSecondaryBackground: 0x262626ff
nldTertiaryBackground: 0x7e8b8cff
nldIconBackground: 0xeee8d5af
nldNavbarBackground: 0x2b2b2b0f
nldNavbarTitleColor: 0xbdc3c7ff
nldNavbarBarButtonColor: 0x3599dbff
nldProgressTrack: 0x268bd2ff

# Night Light Bright

nlbPrimaryLabel: 0x2b2b2bff
nlbSecondaryLabel: 0x7e8b8cff
nlbIconColor: 0x2b2b2bff
nlbPrimaryBackground: 0xbdc3c7ff
nlbSecondaryBackground: 0xedf1f2ff
nlbTertiaryBackground: 0x7e8b8cff
nlbIconBackground: 0xeee8d5af
nlbNavbarBackground: 0xbdc3c70f
nlbNavbarTitleColor: 0x2b2b2bff
nlbNavbarBarButtonColor: 0x3599dbff
nlbProgressTrack: 0x268bd2ff

