# Night Light Bright

sldPrimaryLabel: 0x93a1a1ff
sldSecondaryLabel: 0x657b83bf
sldIconColor: 0xd33682ff
sldPrimaryBackground: 0x002b36ff
sldSecondaryBackground: 0x073642ff
sldTertiaryBackground: 0x586e75ff
sldIconBackground: 0xeee8d5af
sldNavbarBackground: 0x002b360f
sldNavbarTitleColor: 0x268bd2ff
sldNavbarBarButtonColor: 0x6c71c4ff
sldProgressTrack: 0x268bd2ff

# Night Light Bright

sllPrimaryLabel: 0x586e75ff
sllSecondaryLabel: 0x657b83bf
sllIconColor: 0xd33682ff
sllPrimaryBackground: 0xfdf6e3ff
sllSecondaryBackground: 0xeee8d5ff
sllTertiaryBackground: 0x93a1a1ff
sllIconBackground: 0xeee8d5af
sllNavbarBackground: 0xfdf6e30f
sllNavbarTitleColor: 0x268bd2ff
sllNavbarBarButtonColor: 0x6c71c4ff
sllProgressTrack: 0x268bd2ff
